Small fixes after initial read through of the whole lesson (#62)
carpentries/lesson-development-training: episodes/01-introduction.md

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: keypoints

> - This training aims to teach you a process for designing and developing an online lesson material, in collaboration with others.

Reviewer: I think I prefer the original wording. Can you elaborate on why you think "online lesson material" is more appropriate?

Author: I suppose we are teaching them both - the lesson design (nothing to do with the website) as well as using the Workbench to implement a lesson as a lesson website. 

Happy to receive pushbacks on comments ;-). And happy for this to stay as originally written - will go with your call.

Reviewer: ah I see your point now. how about this?

```suggestion
- This training aims to teach you a process for designing a lesson and the skills to develop it as an open source website, in collaboration with others.
```

Author: OK, will add that now 👍
